docs(core): powerpack-owners (#27935)
nrwl/nx: docs/shared/features/powerpack/owners.md

# Define Code Ownership at the Project Level

> ```json

Reviewer: Should be labelled as being nx.json config

{
  "owners": {
    "format": "github",
    "patterns": [
      {
        "description": "Joe should double check all changes to rust code",
        "projects": ["tag:rust"],
        "owners": ["@joelovesrust"]
      },
      {
        "description": "The Finance team owns these projects",
        "projects": ["finance-*"],
        "owners": ["@finance-team"]
      },
      {
        "description": "Alice, Bob and Cecil work together on these projects",
        "projects": ["admin", "booking", "cart"],
        "owners": ["@alice", "@bob", "@cecil"]
      },
      {
        "description": "CI Workflows",
        "files": [".github/workflows/**/*"],
        "owners": ["@devops"]
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> ```json

Reviewer: Should be labelled as being project.json config

# Define Code Ownership at the Project Level

> The atomic unit of code in an Nx workspace is a project. Tasks, module boundaries and the Nx graph all train us to conceptualize the workspace as a collection of projects. The CODEOWNERS file, however, requires you to switch from a project mental model to a more concrete definition based on the folder structure of your workspace. The `@nx/powerpack-owners` plugin enables you to stay in the mental model that your workspace is a collection of projects as you define the ownership rules for your workspace. Nx will take care of compiling the project ownership rules into file-based ownership rules that GitHub, GitLab or Bitbucket can understand in the CODEOWNERS file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The atomic unit of code in an Nx workspace is a project. Tasks, module boundaries and the Nx graph all train us to conceptualize the workspace as a collection of projects. The CODEOWNERS file, however, requires you to switch from a project mental model to a more brittle/low-level definition based on the folder structure of your workspace. The `@nx/powerpack-owners` plugin enables you to stay in the mental model that your workspace is a collection of projects as you define the ownership rules for your workspace. Nx will take care of compiling the project ownership rules into file-based ownership rules that GitHub, GitLab or Bitbucket can understand in the CODEOWNERS file.
```
